in naples is traveling at an average
very high plus 3 compared to last year
year by the team
of the Spanish coach good evening ad
both please francesca good evening
enrico meanwhile I wanted to tell you immediately that
here there was a bit of tension towards the
end of the match in the stands
meanwhile we know that this was considered
a match at risk 13 years face
the last one was always there
big rivalry numberone naples tonight
two Austrians were attacked with
the jersey of naples here in verona e
during the last few minutes of the
match a television colleague
sender who was doing the so-called
commentary of the fan
at the time of the third goal it has been is
been attacked we say from objects that
they were launched right from dai
stands exactly over the stand
also print on ourselves that
we really felt a big one
flickering over our heads
however things things I hope things
negative things I want to hear about too
marcello nicchi but let's go first if if
he wants to talk about it too if he does
obviously if we want to comment
this year in the international football of the
Spanish football these things do not
benitez happen unfortunately good evening
they look like it's not good news but me
I have not seen believe we must
behave in football
each has its own responsibility and
authorities must do what they have to do
indeed, in fact , the
Digos
among other things to quell this one
situation however we talk about the
match set because you are ha
practically at an average of 4 goals in the
last 6 games
today he returned to mark his distinguished
first Italian first goal goal
I ask her why
in the collective imagination only the
Rome can be considered the eventual
anti juve and not even napoli because
she always says that you are at 75 for
hundred of yours of yours
possibility if you will arrive adopt it 80 o
90 to one hundred percent what happens
I said last time at 76 a little
better
no but I still believe that some are missing
players who are injured who they are
quality players who can do the
difference and believe what is true that
the championship a spectacular championship
he is also doing the juve that he is
doing the rome and we don't the same
we can do more than try to win
our games see that they do
ministry what francesca the same
francesca consecutive yes no I wanted
ask you something in benitez showing
our title the first time of
lorenzo because today he confirmed a
mertens in great shape fifth net in
championship four in the last three
matches but assigned lorenzo teaches him
we said just last week is
the fact that this is unlocked
is the first Italian goal of Naples that
can mean for the championship of
naples for the championship teaches that a
player also important for the
national prandelli
or we think that good in china is important
because we don't talk about this anymore
let's talk about his performance that I believe
that even more important for us is
play well and score goals
all happy safe but i think for
him and the team
yes he always plays a point well
reference always a helps
and always difficult for opponents
check it one last thing and then the
we say goodbye and the same question I asked
let's say before you flourish so many points
so far from juventus and staying in
only two points from the second place can not
also how to say psychologically
take you to the idea of ​​aiming for that guy
in short, a goal to give already for
finished the scudetto speech beyond
what will come on the market of which
she doesn't want to talk images no
clearly no we have to think
always the next game is the most
important to be prepared we win
our parts of them win not
we can do nothing but yes they do
some mistake we must be more
close as possible and this means
be concentrated in every game
giorgi was not liked by a player from
Verona today has got a chance and watching
all very panda that was close to him
I liked panda news a lot more and
come on quickly
when to ask the coach if he is
worried about behrami because from that
that I understand this injury is a
complicated than it seemed
the beginning no
the only thing is the communication that is
been a little changed than that of us
we wait but now must do
the appointment with the doctor later
we decide what we do
thank you